;;-*-coding: utf-8;-*-
(define-abbrev-table '\(O '())

(define-abbrev-table 'Buffer-menu-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'Info-edit-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'Truth '())

(define-abbrev-table 'bibtex-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'calendar-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'comint-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'completion-list-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'diary-fancy-display-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'diary-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'diff-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'dig-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'edebug-eval-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'edit-abbrevs-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'elisp-byte-code-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'emacs-lisp-byte-code-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'emacs-lisp-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'epa-info-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'epa-key-list-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'epa-key-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'evil-command-window-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'evil-list-view-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'fundamental-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'global-abbrev-table
  '( 
("fintake" "Thanks for your message.

I have entered your email below into FAIR and noted that you have
requested an appeal; there is no need to email everybody on this email
chain in the future.

I infer from your email that you would like to appeal the sanction (but
not the finding) in your academic integrity case. Please let me know if
this is incorrect.

Next up, you must choose one of the grounds provided for by Section
1-405c of the student code [1]. I infer from your message that you would
like to use ground (3): 'Any sanctions imposed were not appropriate for
the violation(s).' Again please let me know if this is not correct.

Let me start by saying that you of course have every right to appeal the
instructor's decision. However I will note that I do not think
your chances successfully appealing this case are particularly
high. What has been imposed on you is the standard sanction for academic
integrity infractions in CS, see for example [2]. And in your appeal
request, you seem to readily admit to behavior that qualifies as a
violation of academic integrity. As such, I am not optimistic that you
will find a hearing committee that is sympathetic to your cause. If any
of this changes your view of your requested appeal, please do let me
know.

If you decide to proceed, please do upload any evidence you have to
the FAIR system ahead of the hearing, so that the committee members
have time to consider it.

A note on my role here: I am telling you these things to help prepare
for your hearing and better understand the process. I have no power to
adjudicate your case, this is the job of the hearing committee. My role
is to serve as a point of contact as well as assemble committees and
schedule hearings. As such, you should not feel like you need to respond
to any concerns I raise above; instead, you should think about how to
address them if/when they come up in your hearing. If you have questions
about the student code, the process, or any of the points I raise, I
would of course be more than happy to answer.

The appeal process takes place via FAIR. It will involve a set of
faculty and a student peer to create a committee to hear your case. Note
we are following the process defined in the Student Code

https://studentcode.illinois.edu/article1/part4/1-405/

You will hear from me via email shortly to arrange an appeal
hearing. You will have at least 1 week notice (5 business days).
The hearing will take place at least 2 weeks from today.

Expect the hearing to take place via Zoom. While the open portion of
many appeals hearings concludes in about 30 minutes, make sure to
allow at least 60 minutes in case things run long.

Andreas
Chair, CS Academic Appeals

[1] https://studentcode.illinois.edu/article1/part4/1-405/
[2] https://cs.illinois.edu/academics/honor-code" nil 0)
    ("ugrad" "Thanks for your interest! Could you send a CV? What is your preparation
in terms of math, and in terms of programming? Are you more interested
in high performance, or in numerics? Do you have any code on Github that
I could look at?

Something that would certainly get my attention would be to send a pull
request (on Github) that solves an outstanding issue in one of the
pieces of software I maintain:

https://gitlab.tiker.net/inducer/pytential/issues
https://gitlab.tiker.net/inducer/loopy/issues
https://github.com/inducer/pyopencl/issues

(Gitlab projects have a corresponding mirror under
https://github.com/inducer/)

Best,
Andreas
" nil 0)
    ("hid" "#+LATEX: \\begin{hidden}

#+LATEX: \\end{hidden}
" nil 0)
    ("tconflict" "
Please describe how you will manage the time conflict, which resources
you intend to use, and what your weekly schedule for the two classes
might look like.

I am in principle happy to allow you to do what you suggest.  Lecture
recordings will be available. That said, I cannot promise you that you
can be successful in CS450 while missing parts of the lecture--the class
is not designed that way. Please state in your reply that you are
assuming all risk for poor outcomes that may be the result of this.  You
will be held to the same standard as anyone else in the class, with no
expectation of lenience with grading or assignments or anything else.

In addition, CS450 will offer frequent ungraded in-class activities which
I highly recommend you work through as you watch the lecture recordings.

If you would still like to proceed, please let me know how I would go
about entering that override.

Andreas" nil 1)
    ("extrawurst" "Thank you for your message. I would very much like to offer what you are
requesting, but from a standpoint of fairness, I unfortunately
cannot. The problem is that if I were to offer you extra 'private office
hours', I would have to offer everyone else in the class (a few hundred
of them!) the same to convincingly say that I am not treating you
preferentially (which I am not allowed to do).

Therefore, the best I can suggest is to try and get help through
Piazza. Sorry, and thanks for understanding!

Andreas" nil 1)

    ("examsick" "Sorry to hear that you are sick. Please do the following:

(1) Take the attached letter to the CBTF on Monday or Tuesday to take 
the exam or reschedule a new appointment on one of those days. (As in, 
you must have taken the exam by Tuesday night or contact me again if you 
have not gotten better.)

(2) Present me with a dated note from a health care provider (McKinley 
or other) by Wednesday night at the latest.

If you fail to do one or both of these things, your exam will be counted 
with a grade of zero.

Hope you get better soon,

Andreas" nil 1)
    ("todiscuss" "
Thank you for your message. To ensure that others can benefit from what we
discuss, could you please repost your question in Github discussions, i.e.
at

https://github.com/inducer/pycuda/discussions

Thank you!
Andreas" nil 1)
    ("adm" "
Thank you for your message! I am almost always looking for promising PhD
students, and this year is no exception. I have funding available for a variety
of projects.

For now, the most important thing is for you to get your application submitted.
Here's the starting point for that:

http://cs.illinois.edu/admissions/graduate

When you submit your application, please make sure to specify 'Scientific
Computing' as one of your fields of interest, and that you mention my name as a
possible research advisor. This ensures that your application gets handled
efficiently.

If you have any questions, please let me know.

Andreas" nil 1)

    ("ms2phd" "Thank you for your interest in working with me. It sounds like you have experience that has relevance to the type of research I do. From your message, it sounds like you would be wanting to pursue a PhD in CS in the area of Scientific Computing, correct? If so, the best first step to take is to fire off an application to the CS PhD program. I've heard that this is still a substantial hurdle even if you are applying from on-campus, but I don't know the exact specifics. The academic office can help you there--they're in 1210 Siebel. I unfortunately can't help you in gaining admission to the program--who gets in is solely the admission committee's decision.

All the best with your application, and thank you for your understanding.

Andreas" nil 1)

    ("ujob" "Thank you for your interest in working with me. I unfortunately do not have any openings at this time. All the best with your search.

Andreas" nil 1)
    ("reclet" "I'd be happy to write a letter of recommendation for you. To help me
do my job, please provide me with the following pieces of information:

- What precisely are you applying for?

- When is the letter due?
  (Note that this if this less than THREE WEEKS from now, I am
  unlikely to be able to complete your letter on time.)

- How will I be submitting the letter? Email/web/regular mail?
  Please provide detailed instructions, and if I need to watch for an
  email notification, please ping me when it is supposed to arrive.
  
- Is there anything specific (qualities/experiences/knowledge) that
  you'd like me to highlight that would enhance the narrative of your
  application?
  
In addition to the above, please provide me with:

- Your curriculum vitae

- Your statement of purpose for this application

- An unofficial transcript or grade overview

I would also appreciate it if you could send me a brief reminder a few
days before the letter is due. I will send you an email confirming
that I've submitted my letter once I've done so.

All the best with your application!
Andreas" nil 2)
    ("classreg" "Thank you you for your interest in CS450. Registration is closed for the course because it has reached its room capacity. My recommendation would be to go talk to the academic office in 1210 Siebel Center. They will be able to help you more directly than I can. In addition, I'd recommend that you continue to watch for slots as we're headed towards the beginning of the semester. Definitely try showing up for the class and see if there are seats available. A large class such as this hardly ever runs at full capacity all the way to the end of the term, so you will likely have a good chance at securing a spot, given enough time. If the course is a requirement for you, please let the academic office know so that they can accommodate you. This page has more info on CS course restrictions:

https://wiki.illinois.edu/wiki/display/undergradProg/Computer+Science+Course+Restriction+and+Enrollment+Cap+Information

You are welcome to take part in course activities such as homework and quizzes as the class begins. These activities will count towards your grade if you end up securing a spot, and if you have kept up with course work, I would be happy to discuss letting you into the class even after the add deadline.

Hope that helps,
Andreas" nil 4)
    ("reglater" "Thanks you for your interest in CS450. Registration is closed for the course because it has reached its room capacity. My recommendation would be to go talk to the academic office in 1210 Siebel Center. They will be able to help you more directly than I can. In addition, I'd recommend that you continue to watch for slots as we're headed towards the beginning of the semester. Definitely try showing up for the class and see if there are seats available. A large class such as this hardly ever runs at full capacity all the way to the end of the term, so you will likely have a good chance at securing a spot, given enough time. If the course is a requirement for you, please let the academic office know so that they can accommodate you.

In the meantime, you are welcome to take part in course activities such as homework and quizzes, which will count towards your grade if you end up securing a spot. To do so, go to the class web page:

https://relate.cs.illinois.edu/course/cs450-s16/

and follow the sign-up instructions.

Hope that helps,
Andreas" nil 4)

    ("ovr" "Thanks you for your interest in CS357. To obtain an override of the majors-only registration requirement or get on the waitlist if there is one, please contact the Academic Office in the computer science department at undergrad@cs.illinois.edu or in person in 1210 Siebel. They can help you more directly than I can.\n\nBeyond that, my recommendation would be to watch for slots opening up towards the beginning of the semester. Definitely try showing up for the class and see if there are seats available--there usually are. A large class such as this hardly ever runs at full capacity all the way to the end of the term, so you will likely have a good chance at securing a spot, given enough time.

Hope that helps,
Andreas" nil 4)
    ("missment" "Hi there,

I'm Andreas Kloeckner, your Computer Science faculty mentor. It appears as
though you have just missed an appointment for our advising session, scheduled
for XX:XX Xm today. Please make another appointment using the online system at
http://my.cs.illinois.edu/ .

Looking forward to seeing you soon,
Andreas" nil 4)
    ("toforum" "Thank you for your question! You might not be the only one
who would like to know. To help the TAs and me field these questions
efficiently, please rephrase your question (if necessary) and re-ask it on the public
forum.

You can find the course forum at
https://scicomp-discourse.cs.illinois.edu/c/cs450-f24/21

Thank you for understanding.

Andreas" nil 4)
    ("tohelp" "Please send a message to the help desk at

https://scicomp-discourse.cs.illinois.edu/g/cs450-f24-helpdesk

Andreas" nil 4)
    ("enrollreq" "Hi there,

You are receiving this email because you requested to enroll in CS450 on its
course webpage, but I did not see your name on the university roster. I am
usually happy to let you into the class, but before I do, I'd like to
understand your case a bit better. Can you please explain the background to
your request? (Also note that there's a delay in the way my roster updates,
so if you're actually officially registered, just say that.)

Thanks!
Andreas" nil 4)
    ("sickhelp" "

I am sorry to hear you are not feeling well. Thank you for informing me
about your situation.  First of all, focus on getting better. We will
figure something out. As soon as you are able, please send a message to
the help desk at

https://scicomp-discourse.cs.illinois.edu/g/cs450-f22-helpdesk

where Edward can help with the details. I hope you feel better soon.

Andreas" nil 4)
    ("seminterest" "Hi there,

Thank you for your interest in the scientific computing seminar.
As you may be aware, it is a requirement of the class to give a
research-level talk about a topic in scientific computing. Could you
please respond to this email with a rough title and brief summary of the
work which you are hoping to present?

Andreas" nil 4)
    ("reimb" "Kalen,

I recently spoke at FACM 2018 and would like to request reimbursement
for related expenses. Click here:

https://m.njit.edu/Events/FACM18/program.html

and search for my last name to confirm my participation.

You can find all related receipts in this folder:

https://ssl.tiker.net/nextcloud/index.php/s/495d43fcf900d90e43437fee9fed04b4?path=%2F2018-facm

I have physical receipts for gas, hotel, and rental car that duplicate those
in the folder.  I'll bring those by on Wednesday morning. Breakfast was
included at the hotel, lunch was covered at the conference, and there
was a conference dinner Friday night. If possible, I would like to
request a per-diem reimbursement for the remaining meals from Thursday
dinner through Sunday.

Please fund this out of my ICR startup account.

Thank you in advance for your help!
Andreas" nil 4)
   ))

(define-abbrev-table 'gnus-article-edit-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'gnus-article-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'gnus-group-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'gnus-sticky-article-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'helm-grep-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'helm-major-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'helm-occur-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'help-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'lisp-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'message-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'messages-buffer-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'notmuch-hello-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'notmuch-message-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'notmuch-search-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'notmuch-show-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'notmuch-tree-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'occur-edit-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'occur-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'org-export-stack-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'org-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'outline-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'package-menu-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'process-menu-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'prog-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'right- '())

(define-abbrev-table 'select-tags-table-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'shell-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'smime-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'special-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'tabulated-list-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'text-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'vc-git-log-edit-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'vc-git-log-view-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'vc-git-region-history-mode-abbrev-table '())

(define-abbrev-table 'xref--xref-buffer-mode-abbrev-table '())

